org/hdm/app/timetracker/listener/PreferenceListener.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.listener.PreferenceListener
org/hdm/app/timetracker/BuildConfig.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.BuildConfig
org/hdm/app/timetracker/dialogs/DialogFoodFragment.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.dialogs.DialogFoodFragment
org/hdm/app/timetracker/adapter/DialogFoodListAdapter.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.adapter.DialogFoodListAdapter
org/hdm/app/timetracker/util/FileLoader.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.util.FileLoader
org/hdm/app/timetracker/util/MyJsonParser.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.util.MyJsonParser
org/hdm/app/timetracker/screens/FragmentSettings.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.screens.FragmentSettings
org/hdm/app/timetracker/adapter/ActiveListAdapter.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.adapter.ActiveListAdapter
org/hdm/app/timetracker/datastorage/ActivityObject.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.datastorage.ActivityObject
org/hdm/app/timetracker/listener/ViewHolderListener.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.listener.ViewHolderListener
org/hdm/app/timetracker/screens/BaseFragemnt.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.screens.BaseFragemnt
org/hdm/app/timetracker/listener/ActivityListOnClickListener.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.listener.ActivityListOnClickListener
org/hdm/app/timetracker/listener/DialogPortionListOnClickListener.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.listener.DialogPortionListOnClickListener
org/hdm/app/timetracker/util/View_Holder.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.util.View_Holder
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.util.View_Holder$1
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.util.View_Holder$1$1
org/hdm/app/timetracker/listener/DialogFoodListOnClickListener.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.listener.DialogFoodListOnClickListener
org/hdm/app/timetracker/screens/FragmentCalender.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.screens.FragmentCalender
org/hdm/app/timetracker/util/Logs.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.util.Logs
org/hdm/app/timetracker/listener/MainListener.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.listener.MainListener
org/hdm/app/timetracker/models/SubjectModel.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.models.SubjectModel
org/hdm/app/timetracker/util/ActivityLogs.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.util.ActivityLogs
org/hdm/app/timetracker/datastorage/DataManager.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.datastorage.DataManager
org/hdm/app/timetracker/adapter/ObjectListAdapter.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.adapter.ObjectListAdapter
org/hdm/app/timetracker/views/MenuView.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.views.MenuView
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.views.MenuView$1
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.views.MenuView$2
org/hdm/app/timetracker/adapter/CalendarItemListAdapter.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.adapter.CalendarItemListAdapter
org/hdm/app/timetracker/listener/CalendarItemOnClickListener.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.listener.CalendarItemOnClickListener
org/hdm/app/timetracker/views/CustomerList.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.views.CustomerList
org/hdm/app/timetracker/MyApplication.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.MyApplication
org/hdm/app/timetracker/dialogs/DialogPortionFragment.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.dialogs.DialogPortionFragment
org/hdm/app/timetracker/datastorage/Stamp.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.datastorage.Stamp
org/hdm/app/timetracker/screens/Settings.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.screens.Settings
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.screens.Settings$1
org/hdm/app/timetracker/listener/MenuListener.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.listener.MenuListener
org/hdm/app/timetracker/listener/ActiveActivityListOnClickListener.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.listener.ActiveActivityListOnClickListener
org/hdm/app/timetracker/util/TimeStamp.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.util.TimeStamp
org/hdm/app/timetracker/main/MainActivity.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.main.MainActivity
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.main.MainActivity$1
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.main.MainActivity$2
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.main.MainActivity$2$1
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.main.MainActivity$3
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.main.MainActivity$4
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.main.MainActivity$5
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.main.MainActivity$6
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.main.MainActivity$7
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.main.MainActivity$8
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.main.MainActivity$9
org/hdm/app/timetracker/adapter/DialogPortionListAdapter.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.adapter.DialogPortionListAdapter
org/hdm/app/timetracker/util/Variables.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.util.Variables
org/hdm/app/timetracker/adapter/CalendarListAdapter.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.adapter.CalendarListAdapter
org/hdm/app/timetracker/util/Consts.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.util.Consts
org/hdm/app/timetracker/datastorage/TimeFrame.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.datastorage.TimeFrame
org/hdm/app/timetracker/screens/FragmentActivity.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.screens.FragmentActivity
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.screens.FragmentActivity$1
org/hdm/app/timetracker/datastorage/ActivityObjectMap.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.datastorage.ActivityObjectMap
org/hdm/app/timetracker/util/Settings.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.util.Settings
org/hdm/app/timetracker/screens/FragmentContainer.java
 org.hdm.app.timetracker.screens.FragmentContainer
